Also, there are different practices. Kind of going through the outskirts, outskirt, and come to the
center,
or from the center to explore, explore all the surrounding everything.
And for example, like Sotar Mahayana teachings, in a way, exploring from the outskirts, coming back
to the center.
And the Dzogi teaching, or the Ena Tantra teaching, from the center, you behold everything.
And that's what the great master, Dung Kimba, said.
Naini Yana is the pick of the nine, pick of them, pick of the teaching.
But as teaching, from there, you see everything, everything you behold, everything you begin as.
So here, we begin to go to the center, and from there, we explore.
And in order to do again, to do this, there is that, in order to do this, that's what called
introducing, introducing, or pointing out.
We heard those words many times, very nice and fancy, fancy, beautiful, it's true, it's fancy and
beautiful.
This time, we are going step by step, pointing out, or introducing, introducing.
What is introducing?
It's not the great master pointing out the fingers.
And the great master, Shabbat Tawurana, is pointing to our nature, nature of the mind, to our self.
So that means, each time we did these lines, we go through this, we are going to point to our self,
instead focus outward.
We are going to inwardly discover our intelligence, use our intelligence, and discover our innate n
atures.
And for this time, what is explaining, these great masters, that everything is mind, or all the
perception is mind.
Every perception is mind, or every appearance, whatever the word is, appearance is mind.
That is introducing.
Of course, since we are practicing dharma for a while, we heard these things, that.
But, if we didn't hear these things, it is introducing, immediately, this is the first voice that
we can hear.
Oh, everything, all the preparedness is mind.
Mind, every appearance, every perception is mind.
And again, to do this, we are going to practice this.
When you come to the practice, what is this most important?
It is certainty.
Certainty was taught.
Certainty means no doubt, no hesitations, no skeptical, no lingering thoughts.
When you have the certainty, that means you are sure, you are open, and you are very relaxed.
You are confident.
Therefore, when we practice, we need confidence.
We need certain diversity.
Together with that, we need courage and commitment.
Courage and commitment need, because we are, as I said, we are changing the course of the happy
dependence.
That carried and used to be so many lifetimes, until now, from the beginning of this lifetime.
Today we are changing the course of that happy dependence.
Therefore, it is not always easy, not always simple, as what we call a piece of cake.
It is not a piece of cake.
Truly, it is not a piece of cake.
And therefore, we need courage and commitment.
Once you have certainty, confidence, we don't have to linger.
We strengthen our courage and commitment, reactivate courage and commitment.
Bring forth this realization, this understanding from the deep of our heart.
And let shine that to all our perceptions, all our conceptions.
That's how we change perception and conceptions.
And then, when they transform, what is called three-way jeal states, five perfect states, all this.
So therefore, this Master is explaining again and again, again and again, sense is so important.
It started from there, it's so important.
And therefore, it's one pointing out, this teaching.
So here, again and again.